remove swaggerhub links (#544)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs-api: documentation/IDTA-01002-3/modules/ROOT/pages/http-rest-api/http-rest-api.adoc

https://app.swaggerhub.com/domains/Plattform_i40/Part2-API-Schemas/V3.2.0#[https://app.swaggerhub.com/domains/Plattform_i40/Part2-API-Schemas/V3.2.0#] +
This schema includes general objects, which are used in the further defined APIs.

> The specific OpenAPI documents for the different APIs are listed in the sections for the respective service specifications and profiles in Clause xref:specification/interfaces-payload.adoc#service-description[Service Description].

Reviewer: I was not able to find any OpenAPI links at the place mentioned. Can you provide a link?

Author: Yep, looks like I used the wrong file.

> The specific OpenAPI documents for the different APIs are listed in the sections for the respective service specifications and profiles in Clause xref:specification/interfaces-payload.adoc#service-description[Service Description].

Author: ```suggestion
The specific OpenAPI documents for the different APIs are listed in the sections for the respective service specifications and profiles in Clause xref:http-rest-api/service-specifications-and-profiles.adoc#service-specifications-and-profiles[Service Specifications and Profiles].
```
